Harbour Labs Private Limited
4th Floor, Prestige Tower, Koramangala, Bengaluru 560034

7 October 2025

Dear Mr. Menon,

We are delighted to offer you the position of Senior Backend Engineer at
Harbour Labs Private Limited. This letter sets out the terms on which we make
that offer, and we would be grateful if you would sign and return a copy to
confirm your acceptance.

Your annual cost to company will be Rs. 32,00,000, made up of a fixed component
of Rs. 27,00,000 and a performance bonus of up to Rs. 5,00,000 payable at the
sole discretion of the management after the close of each financial year. Your
salary will be credited on the last working day of each calendar month after
deduction of tax at source and any other statutory deductions.

Your employment will commence on 3 November 2025 and will be subject to a
probationary period of six months, during which either party may end the
engagement by giving seven days notice. On confirmation, the notice period
required from you will be ninety days, while the Company may end your
employment by giving you thirty days notice or salary in lieu thereof.

During your employment and for a period of eighteen months after you leave the
Company for any reason, you shall not accept employment with, or render
services to, any organisation that competes with the business of the Company
anywhere in India, nor shall you solicit any employee or client of the Company.

All inventions, designs, source code and other works that you create during
your employment shall vest absolutely in the Company, whether or not they were
created in the course of your duties and whether or not the resources of the
Company were used in creating them.

You shall hold in strict confidence all information belonging to the Company
that comes to your knowledge, and this obligation shall continue in perpetuity
after the termination of your employment.

Any dispute arising out of your employment shall be referred to arbitration
before a sole arbitrator nominated by the Company, and the seat of arbitration
shall be Bengaluru.

We look forward to welcoming you to the team.

Yours sincerely,

R. Deshpande
Head of People Operations
Harbour Labs Private Limited
